---
slug: stability-introduction
title: Stability Introduction
authors:
  name: Juliun Barbon
  title: Stability CEO
  url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliun/
  image_url: ./jb.jpg
tags: [introduction, stability]
---

Stability is the market's first tokenless, permissionless, public blockchain. Built from the ground up and optimized for utility, Stability unlocks access to the next billion Web 3 Users.

In building Stability, we have most notably removed cryptocurrency. Blockchains today are largely gatekept by the requirement of paying transaction fees with a single cryptocurrency, limiting the adoption of a blockchain to the adoption of its cryptocurrency. By removing the barriers induced by a cryptocurrency, Stability becomes the first currency agnostic blockchain to enable users to to pay for transactions with any currency, and allows validators to whitelist any currency to receive as payment for a transaction.

STABILITY caters to the web2 economy (gaming, payments, etc) with a utility first blockchain. We believe that by removing the barriers of web3 today, including crypto volatility, regulatory uncertainty, scalability and compatibility issues faced by all other public blockchains, we unlock the full potential of blockchain technology. Stability aims to usher in the next wave of blockchain utility and allow public blockchain technology to be fully realized and globally adopted.

Today, STABILITY is a team of 14 with a blockchain in live, private testnet. STABILITY enables truly cryptoless transactions, novel composability and infinite scalability all necessary for the ubiquitous use of web3 worldwide.
